all I hope you are well
today I 'm going to introduce you to my
new animals it's two
wavy parakeets
so we link to the green that's here that
isis is called and blue is azure
so I really wanted to apologize for
the lack of video but I had my
second white patent and history of
arts of football not really make
videos or reply to your comments
that really excuse me
So here is the green and my phone
I wanted to show are the bars the
So here it must be a two
weeks we have them here we are azure who
is mine but good concert that both
are still ours
so we got them from a breeder in
actually they were on the right corner so
is not basically you breeders or
nothing is a job next to it all
he just had that he had some
breeding males and females but
that's not at all something
of intense ifni nothing so here they
have put me so and the blue he did not
still molted here it is not at all
seems definitive and I think the berd
will change a little bit too
So here it is a couple so here is
so I quickly introduce you to the
cage at the same time so it's a cage
we had on the right corner so here we go
which is how we are she is
so composed of a play like that so
in fact we are the cage for 60 euros
with this accessory there and the sticks
talk about records so the big
perch is wood against the
others it's not wood so that's
really bad it was sold to us
with so there are three small ones
books here one who is there is one who there
is here so otherwise the bowls that's it
we who added them the same bone
cuttlefish is what we added having
played also that we added with a
little bell whose golden visa biting
above then so that's a
candy bar
but honestly he does not eat it and
did we get it as a gift with the bag
of seeds so in fact I 'm not going to
all of them buy them as for the
guinea pigs I do not want any age
and industrial treats but as
it's with jelly mimics anyway
when you see they have not at all
eat then so here we are there is a
cover on the front like that and he
does not have another below we see we do not
lu tiercé of soft corn cobs and
they have some toys and here actually
it's their bath either and that
birds do not like to go downstairs because
that he does not feel safe at all
but we do not have an opening word
in fact on the cage you have to hand over
a bench in height you can put it
downstairs and they 've already banished themselves
I am super happy
no it's you understood actually open
to clean like that so that's so
there as it is nice in fact they are at
outside then like that they can
talk with other birds they
can look at what's at
outdoors
soon we will put them inside
so that I can make them fly in
a room where we held for us
just waiting who were inviting us because
that in fact we will put the cage
it's near the guest room and the
blow they will make noise of which
the origin is so wrong and just put
after but I think we're going to the end
is a little summer out in small
flap merlin toki enjoy the sun from
teor so here's the twitter thread yet
that it obliges to the tame to eat there
in the hand we can caress them
go in our hand is below
really happy
So here we are, mahut grass at 60 euros
and the birds we had we had 20
euros for the next shot here I am
I'm really happy to have seen them play
the counters or too cute daddy so
this is almost surely
so videos about Parma birds on
feeding all that and also on the
all I will teach you that I have
already started actually learning on
will say our cellars xa so with
brewed all that he's ready and then the
remove branches all that so that's
great fun to see
it's really super cute and so
here I think that would do
videos about my birds
so here is my comment if you
want to listen to the first a video
kisses